# legacy-linux-customizations

A collection of my Linux greeters, window manager themes, splash screens, etc.
that I created by spring of 2009.

These customizations are being provides as-is, and are not guaranteed to work
on modern distros.



## XAR Files

TL;DR

* All XAR files should be considered out-of-date.
* All SVG source files colocated with XAR files should be considered up-to-date.

Many original source files were defined as `*.xar` to be editable in Xara Xtreme
for Linux (`xaralx`).  Unfortunately, most modern Linux distros have dropped
Xara Xtreme from their application repositories, due to its lack of updates and
maintenance.  As such, I've exported most of the XAR assets to SVG in order to
provide maximum compatibility with vector graphics applications.  These SVG
files are colocated in the same directory as their XAR counterparts.  The vast
majority of the exported assets have retained their visual properties (as
defined in the XAR sources), but there were a couple of instances where the
exported SVG did not retain appearances (specifically in cases where the
Transparency tool was applied to assets from within Xara Xtreme).

While I'm certain that there's a way to achieve the same effects using SVG
capabilities, it was not worth my time to correct these issues in the exported
SVGs (manually exporting assets was a pain, on its own).  Even though it may be
possible to get `xaralx` running on a modern Linux installation, the XAR files
should be considered out of date and are being provided purely for archival
purposes.

If you _really_ want to view the XAR files, you can purchase or download a trial
version of "Xara Photo & Graphic Designer" for Windows (sadly there are no Mac
or Linux versions available).



## LICENSE
All customizations are licensed under the GPLv3 license.

Reference artwork has been included for reference, where access to the original
work is no longer available, but all rights to these works still belong to their
original creators.
